We're school bus drivers back home in Tucson, Arizona, we're driving the brothers and sisters from Brooklyn to Tuxedo.
We're so excited just to be able to be here and never thought that driving school bus would give you assignment here at Bathville.
Tuxedo was primarily a support site for the new World Headquarters in Warwick.
Not only will it house some of the volunteer workers but it'll also be used to support them anywhere from meals to materials to equipment.
A number of our volunteers will get up very early in the morning to meet the bus before 530.
All unpaid, many either taking leave of absences from work, some outright retiring that have been waiting for this project to start.
It's always been a dream to be at Bathville so I'm very happy that we got accepted.
We've come here to build the new World Headquarters.
Initially, Bathville called and they said we'd like you to come out for one to six weeks.
And I thought to myself, well, if I take off six weeks, I'd have to quit my job.
So we thought about it and we prayed and then the next day we called Bathville back and said we'll come out for six weeks.
We've both been assigned to the plumbing department.
And I'm working in pipe insulation.
It draws us closer together and it gives us many memories that we'll be able to cherish together for a long time.
I am currently working on the electrical crew here at Tuxedo.
Every day is exciting.
With all the people here and with all the different temporary workers, everyone working together, you can see that this can only happen in Jova's organization.
I love being able to be a part of something so wonderful and such a privilege.
My assignment is walls and ceilings and my husband and I, we have been here nine weeks.
We have had a lot of privileges, for instance, with international worker, with Katrina.
There's a lot of sisters, so that's really exciting opportunity for them.
They're very hard workers, they're willing to do anything they're asked to do.
If they're not skilled when they came, they're skilled when they leak.
Since coming here, it's truly just been a remarkable privilege.
I thought that I would be giving a lot of myself, but in actuality I've been gaining so much more.
The construction project at Warwick is in its early stages.
There's been some work being done to clear portions of the site.
The logs are being milled and many of them will come back and find a home on this project.
The future for this project is really bright.
This is going to be an exciting thing to be a part of.
We're going to be able to do this in an expedited fashion and we're going to have a lot of fun at the same time.